Nafiz Labib, Prattay Dey, Kartik Vanjani
APCS
Lab 08 - America's Next Top Data Scientist
2022-04-05
time spent: 1 hr


DISCO


QCC


<TNPG>'s CSV FLOW:
<insert your description of your tools and workflow in creating, editing CSV files>


TRUBZ
<this lab involves using tools that are likely to introduce hiccups; log any troubleshooting issues here>

------------Activity 1------------
1. Netflix, Amazon, Google
2. Google: Personal information like name and provided photo, information about browsers we visit, search terms we input into Google
3. Delimit means "to fix or define the limits of". In data files, it's necessary because it allows us to incorporate as much data as we need.
4. Most of the time, data in a column has some sort of a header to label what the column contains. You can also compare data within a column as find similarities to figure out what data is contained.
5. Basketball and American football
6.
   Initial Consideration:
   Question 1: Who is the GOAT (greatest of all time) of basketball?
   Question 2: Who is the best running back currently in the NFL?

   After Discussion:
   Question 1: Which basketball player has contributed the most to the sport?
   Question 2: Who is the greatest offensive player in football?
 7.
 - https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sumitrodatta/nba-aba-baa-stats NBA Stats (1947-Present)
   This data table contains the stats of all players across 3 basketball associations that have played on terms of a professional contract from 1947 to current day.
 - https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/zynicide/nfl-football-player-statsNFL Football Player Stats
   This data table is similar to the previous one, containing stats of over 25k players that have played football professionally in the NFL. However, it is limited up to 2017, as it hasn't been updated since.
 8. For the NBA one, there are almost 5000 unique player records, and for the NFL one, there's over 25000 unique player records. The advantage of having many records is so that we can accurately compare players without worrying about missing any that could have actually affected our overall conclusion. 
 9. Whenever we watch YouTube, the site keeps track of what we watch, and uses that to provide videos that we would probably watch if we found them solely on our own. This algorithm can help content creators develop a better understanding of the website and their job as entertainers along with provide advertisers with data so that they can show off products.
 10. According to the creators of these data tables, they coded "web-scraping" programs that would allow them to get specific, smaller data from certain places where it was already published and combined them all together to form this one data table with heaps of data regarding various things. 
 11. In the grand scheme of things, taking people's data when it might breach their privacy is like a small step or a sacrifice that's made in order for mega corporations to provide the people with what they want while bolstering their own business and repeating this process, developing the consumer market. I looked towards China as an example, where people's lives are basically carried out by their phones, due to the fact that people don't mind their privacy being breached for data, as long as things like shopping can be made simpler and more efficient. I do sort of support this as well, but I also understand people's complaints about their data being taken away. Some information deserves to stay with us unless we allow it to be shared with others.   
   
